revamp ephemeral instance docs (#1387)
localstack/docs: content/en/user-guide/cloud-sandbox/ephemeral-instance/index.md

## Introduction

Ephemeral Instance allows you to run an LocalStack instance in the cloud. You can interact with these remote instances via the LocalStack Web Application, or by configuring your integrations and developer tools with the endpoint URL of the remote instance.

## Getting started

This guide is designed for users new to Ephemeral Instance and assumes basic knowledge of the LocalStack Web Application. In this guide, we will create an Ephemeral Instance and interact with it via the LocalStack Web Application and the AWS CLI.

### Create a new Ephemeral Instance

Navigate to the [**LocalStack Instance Management**](https://app.localstack.cloud/instances) and click on the **Ephemeral** tab. Enter the name of the new Ephemeral Instance, select the lifetime of the instance by dragging the slider, and click on **Launch**.

<img src="ephemeral-instance-creation.png" alt="Creating an Ephemeral Instance" title="Creating an Ephemeral Instance" width="800" />

> Optionally, you can specify a LocalStack Extension to be installed in the Ephemeral Instance. You can select the extension from the **Extension settings** dropdown list before launching the Ephemeral Instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, you can specify a LocalStack Extension to be installed in the Ephemeral Instance. You can select the extension from the **Extension settings** dropdown list before launching the Ephemeral Instance.
In case you have access to cloud pods and a pod you want to start your instance with, you can also choose it from the **Cloud Pod Settings** dropdown.
```

Reviewer: there was a bug which didn't show the cloud pod dropdown

### Shutdown the Ephemeral Instance

You can shutdown the instance by navigating to the [Ephemeral Instances page](https://app.localstack.cloud/instances/ephemeral) and clicking on the **Shut Down** button.

<img src="shutdown-ephemeral-instance.png" alt="Shutdown the LocalStack Ephemeral Instance" title="Shutdown the LocalStack Ephemeral Instance" width="800" />

## Load Cloud Pod into an Ephmeral Instance

You can load a Cloud Pod into an Ephemeral Instance to seed your pre-existing cloud resources into a freshly created Ephemeral Instance. You can further use AWS CLI or other integrations to interact with these resources, along with using other features of the LocalStack Web Application.

To load a pre-defined Cloud Pod, navigate to the [Cloud Pods page](https://app.localstack.cloud/pods), click on the Cloud Pod you want to load into the Ephemeral Instance, and click on the **Load Into Instance** button. Select the Ephemeral Instance you want to load the Cloud Pod into and click on **Load**.

You will be redirected to the **Export/Import State** page where you can click on **Load State From Pod** to load the Cloud Pod into the Ephemeral Instance.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can also specify a Cloud Pod to be loaded on startup, when filling out the instance creation form.
```

<img src="cloud-pod-details-page.png" alt="Cloud Pod Details page" title="Cloud Pod Details page" width="800" />
<br><br>

You can copy the endpoint URL of the Ephemeral Instance and use it to manage your cloud resources.

{{< callout "warning" >}}

> Ephemeral Instance, by default, are created against the latest version of LocalStack. If you have created a Cloud Pod against an older version of LocalStack, you need to update the Cloud Pod to the latest version before loading it into an Ephemeral Instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ephemeral Instances, by default, are created with the latest version of LocalStack. If you have created a Cloud Pod from an older version of LocalStack, you need to update the Cloud Pod to the latest version before loading it into an Ephemeral Instance.
```

{{< /callout >}}

## Credit Consumption

> Ephemeral Instances consume credits based on the resources used and the duration of the instance. You can view the credit consumption of the Ephemeral Instance in the **Ephemeral Instance** page. Currently, for every 1 credit, you can run an Ephemeral Instance for 1 minute. You can view the available minutes under the **Lifetime in minutes** slider when creating an Ephemeral Instance. You can also see the credit consumption in the **Credit Consumption** section of the Ephemeral Instance page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ephemeral Instances consume credits based on the duration of the instance. Currently, for every 1 credit, you can run an Ephemeral Instance for 1 minute. You can view the available minutes under the **Lifetime in minutes** slider when creating an Ephemeral Instance. You can view existing credit consumption of your workspace in the **Credit consumption** card at the bottom. 
```
